README.md, before:

# Node RED flow development for DEXI
 
You want to make sure you don't lose any of your flow development. Make sure to map the host "flows" directory to the container directory as shown below. This will store the flow on your host machine if/when the container is destroyed.

```docker run -it -p 1880:1880 -v ${PWD}/flows:/data --name dexi-node-red droneblocks/dexi-node-red:latest```

# Node RED custom node development for DEXI

1. Clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/droneblocks/node-red-dexi

cd node-red-dexi
```

2. Launch the container from the base node-red image:

```
docker run -it -p 1880:1880 -v ${PWD}/flows:/data -v ${PWD}:/node-red-dexi --name dexi-node-red nodered/node-red:latest-debian
```

3. Connect to the container
```
docker exec -it dexi-node-red /bin/bash
```

4. Install the nodes for local development since we already mapped the host folder node-red-dexi to the container folder /node-red-dexi
```
npm install /node-red-dexi
```

5. Install other nodes

```
npm install node-red-contrib-ui-led
npm install node-red-node-ui-iframe
```

6. Stop and start container to pick up changes.

Commit message:

Update save-photo node and fix ROS2 dependencies
- Fix typo in package.json: ros2-subsribe -> ros2-subscribe
- Update save-photo node to accept input messages instead of ROS subscriptions
- Change default image width from 160 to 320 pixels
- Remove TensorFlow node dependencies from package.json
- Update README with proper dependency installation steps
- Standardize status colors to match other ROS2 nodes

README.md, after:

# Node RED flow development for DEXI
 
You want to make sure you don't lose any of your flow development. Make sure to map the host "flows" directory to the container directory as shown below. This will store the flow on your host machine if/when the container is destroyed.

```docker run -it -p 1880:1880 -v ${PWD}/flows:/data --name dexi-node-red droneblocks/dexi-node-red:latest```

# Node RED custom node development for DEXI

1. Clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/droneblocks/node-red-dexi

cd node-red-dexi
```

2. Launch the container from the base node-red image:

```
docker run -it -p 1880:1880 -v ${PWD}/flows:/data -v ${PWD}:/node-red-dexi --name dexi-node-red nodered/node-red:latest-debian
```

3. Connect to the container
```
docker exec -it dexi-node-red /bin/bash
```

4. First, install the package dependencies in the mapped directory
```
cd /node-red-dexi
npm install
```

5. Install the nodes for local development since we already mapped the host folder node-red-dexi to the container folder /node-red-dexi
```
cd /usr/src/node-red
npm install /node-red-dexi
```

6. Install other nodes

```
npm install node-red-contrib-ui-led
npm install node-red-node-ui-iframe
```

7. Stop and start container to pick up changes.
